NO.77 A company wants to configure its Amazon CloudFront distribution to use SSL/TLS certificates. 
The company does not want to use the default domain name for the distribution. 
Instead, the company wants to use a different domain name for the distribution.
Which solution will deploy the certificate with icurring any additional costs?

A. Request an Amazon issued private certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-east- 1 Region
B. Request an Amazon issued private certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-west- 1 Region.
C. Request an Amazon issued public certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACU) in the us-east-1 Region
D. Request an Amazon issued public certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACU) in the us-west-1 Regon.

Answer: C
Explanation:
This option is the most efficient because it requests an Amazon issued public certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM), 
which is a service that lets you easily provision, manage, and deploy public and private SSL/TLS certificates 
for use with AWS services and your internal connected resources. 
It also requests the certificate in the us-east-1 Region, which is required for using an ACM certificate with CloudFront. 
It also meets the requirement of deploying the certificate without incurring any additional costs, 
as ACM does not charge for certificates that are used with supported AWS services. 
This solution meets the requirement of configuring its CloudFront distribution to use SSL/TLS certificates 
and using a different domain name for the distribution. 

Option A is less efficient because it requests an Amazon issued private certificate from ACM, 
which is a type of certificate that can be used only within your organization or virtual private cloud (VPC).
However, this does not meet the requirement of configuring its CloudFront distribution to use SSL/TLS certificates, 
as CloudFront requires a public certificate. 
It also requests the certificate in the us-east-1 Region, which is correct. 

Option B is less efficient because it requests an Amazon issued private certificate from ACM, 
which is incorrect for the same reason as option A. 
It also requests the certificate in the us-west-1 Region, 
which is incorrect as CloudFront requires a certificate in the us- east-1 Region. 

Option D is less efficient because it requests an Amazon issued public certificate from ACM, which is correct.
However, it requests the certificate in the us-west-1 Region, 
which is incorrect as CloudFront requires a certificate in the us-east-1 Region.