NO.119 A company wants to move its application to a serverless solution. 
The serverless solution needs to analyze existing and new data by using SL. 
The company stores the data in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
The data requires encryption and must be replicated to a different AWS Region.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Create a new S3 bucket. 
Load the data into the new S3 bucket. 
Use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to replicate encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in another Region. 
Use server-side encryption with AWS KMS multi-Region kays (SSE-KMS). 
Use Amazon Athena to query the data.

B. Create a new S3 bucket. 
Load the data into the new S3 bucket. 
Use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to replicate encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in another Region. 
Use server-side encryption with AWS KMS multi-Region keys (SSE-KMS). 
Use Amazon RDS to query the data.

C. Load the data into the existing S3 bucket. 
Use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to replicate encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in another Region. 
Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3). 
Use Amazon Athena to query the data.

D. Load the data into the existing S3 bucket. 
Use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to replicate encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in another Region. 
Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3). 
Use Amazon RDS to query the data.

Answer: A
Explanation:
This solution meets the requirements of a serverless solution, encryption, replication, and SQL analysis 
with the least operational overhead. 

Amazon Athena is a serverless interactive query service 
that can analyze data in S3 using standard SQL. 

S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) can replicate encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in another Region automatically. 

Server-side encryption with AWS KMS multi-Region keys (SSE-KMS) 
can encrypt the data at rest using keys that are replicated across multiple Regions. 

Creating a new S3 bucket can avoid potential conflicts with existing data or configurations.

Option B is incorrect because Amazon RDS is not a serverless solution and it cannot query data in S3 directly.

Option C is incorrect because server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE- S3) 
does not use KMS keys and it does not support multi-Region replication. 

Option D is incorrect because Amazon RDS is not a serverless solution 
and it cannot query data in S3 directly. 
It is also incorrect for the same reason as option C.

References:
* https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/replication-walkthrough-4.html
* https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/storage/considering-four-different-replication-options-for-data-in- amazon-s
* https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingEncryption.html
* https://aws.amazon.com/athena/