
NO.51 A company is running a photo hosting service in the us-east-1 Region. 
The service enables users across multiple countries to upload and view photos. 
Some photos are heavily viewed for months, and others are viewed for less than a week. 
The application allows uploads of up to 20 MB for each photo. 
The service uses the photo metadata to determine which photos to display to each user.
Which solution provides the appropriate user access MOST cost-effectively?

A. Store the photos in Amazon DynamoDB. Turn on DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) to cache frequently viewed items.
B. Store the photos in the Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class. 
Store the photo metadata and its S3 location in DynamoDB.
C. Store the photos in the Amazon S3 Standard storage class. 
Set up an S3 Lifecycle policy to move photos older than 30 days 
to the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class. 
Use the object tags to keep track of metadata.
D. Store the photos in the Amazon S3 Glacier storage class. 
Set up an S3 Lifecycle policy to move photos older than 30 days 
to the S3 Glacier Deep Archive storage class. Store the photo metadata and its S3 location in Amazon OpenSearch Service.

Answer: B
Explanation:
 This solution provides the appropriate user access most cost-effectively because it uses the Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class, 
which automatically optimizes storage costs by moving data 
to the most cost-effective access tier when access patterns change,
without performance impact or operational overhead.
This storage class is ideal for data with unknown, changing, or unpredictable access patterns, 
such as photos that are heavily viewed for months or less than a week. 
By storing the photo metadata and its S3 location in DynamoDB, the application can quickly query 
and retrieve the relevant photos for each user. 
DynamoDB is a fast, scalable, and fully managed NoSQL database service 
that supports key- value and document data models2.
References: 1: Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering Storage Class | AWS3, Overview section2: Amazon DynamoDB - NoSQL Cloud Database Service4, Overview section.