NO.79 A company has an application that delivers on-demand training videos to students around the world. 
The application also allows authorized content developers to upload videos. 
The data is stored in an Amazon S3 bucket in the us-east-2 Region.
The company has created an S3 bucket in the eu-west-2 Region and an S3 bucket in the ap-southeast- 1 Region. 
The company wants to replicate the data to the new S3 buckets. 
The company needs to minimize latency for developers who upload videos 
and students who stream videos near eu-west-2 and ap-southeast-1.
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements with the FEWEST changes to the application?
(Select TWO.)

A. Configure one-way replication from the us-east-2 S3 bucket to the eu-west-2 S3 bucket. 
Configure one-way replication from the us-east-2 S3 bucket to the ap-southeast-1 S3 bucket.

B. Configure one-way replication from the us-east-2 S3 bucket to the eu-west-2 S3 bucket. 
Configure one-way replication from the eu-west-2 S3 bucket to the ap-southeast-1 S3 bucket.

C. Configure two-way (bidirectional) replication among the S3 buckets that are in all three Regions. 

D. Create an S3 Multi-Region Access Point. 
Modify the application to use the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Multi-Region Access Point for video streaming. 
Do not modify the application for video uploads.

E. Create an S3 Multi-Region Access Point 
Modify the application to use the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Multi-Region Access Point for video streaming and uploads.

Answer: A E
Explanation:
These two steps will meet the requirements with the fewest changes 
to the application because they will enable the company to replicate the data to the new S3 buckets 
and minimize latency for both video streaming and uploads. 

One-way replication from the us-east-2 S3 bucket to the other two S3 buckets will ensure that 
the data is synchronized across all three regions. 

The company can use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to automatically copy objects across buckets in different AWS Regions. 
CRR can help the company achieve lower latency and compliance requirements 
by keeping copies of their data in different regions. 

Creating an S3 Multi-Region Access Point and modifying the application to use its ARN 
will allow the company to access the data through a single global endpoint. 
An S3 Multi-Region Access Point is a globally unique name 
that can be used to access objects stored in S3 buckets across multiple regions. 

It automatically routes requests to the closest S3 bucket with the lowest latency. 
By using an S3 Multi-Region Access Point, the company can simplify the application architecture 
and improve the performance and reliability of the application.

References:
* Replicating objects
* Multi-Region Access Points in Amazon S3