NO.104 A solutions architect is implementing a document review application using an Amazon S3 bucket for storage.
The solution must prevent accidental deletion of the documents 
and ensure that all versions of the documents are available. 
Users must be able to download, modify, and upload documents.
Which combination of actions should be taken to meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 

A. Enable a read-only bucket ACL.
B. Enable versioning on the bucket.
C. Attach an IAM policy to the bucket.
D. Enable MFA Delete on the bucket. 
E. Encrypt the bucket using AWS KMS.

Answer: B D
Explanation:
Versioning is a feature of Amazon S3 that allows users to keep multiple versions of the same object in a bucket. 
It can help prevent accidental deletion of the documents 
and ensure that all versions of the documents are available. 

MFA Delete is a feature of Amazon S3 
that adds an extra layer of security by requiring two forms of authentication 
to delete a version or change the versioning state of a bucket. 
It can help prevent unauthorized or accidental deletion of the documents. 
By enabling both versioning and MFA Delete on the bucket, the solution can meet the requirements.

A: Enable a read-only bucket ACL. This solution will not meet the requirement 
of allowing users to download, modify, and upload documents, as a read-only bucket ACL 
will prevent write access to the bucket.

C: Attach an IAM policy to the bucket. 
This solution will not meet the requirement of preventing accidental deletion of the documents 
and ensuring that all versions of the documents are available, 
as an IAM policy is used to grant or deny permissions to users or roles, 
not to enable versioning or MFA Delete.

E: Encrypt the bucket using AWS KMS. 
This solution will not meet the requirement of preventing accidental deletion of the documents 
and ensuring that all versions of the documents are available, 
as encrypting the bucket using AWS KMS is a method of protecting data at rest, 
not enabling versioning or MFA Delete.