NO.96 A company is building an application in the AWS Cloud. 
The application will store data in Amazon S3 buckets in two AWS Regions. 
The company must use an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key 
to encrypt all data that is stored in the S3 buckets. 
The data in both S3 buckets must be encrypted and decrypted with the same KMS key. 
The data and the key must be stored in each of the two Regions.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Create an S3 bucket in each Region Configure the S3 buckets 
to use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3) 
Configure replication between the S3 buckets.

B. Create a customer managed multi-Region KMS key. 
Create an S3 bucket in each Region. 
Configure replication between the S3 buckets. 
Configure the application to use the KMS key with client-side encryption.

C. Create a customer managed KMS key and an S3 bucket in each Region 
Configure the S3 buckets to use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3) 
Configure replication between the S3 buckets.

D. Create a customer managed KMS key and an S3 bucket m each Region 
Configure the S3 buckets to use server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS) 
Configure replication between the S3 buckets.

Answer: B
Explanation:
From https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/custom-key-store-overview.html 

For most users, the default AWS KMS key store, 
which is protected by FIPS 140-2 validated cryptographic modules, 
fulfills their security requirements. 
There is no need to add an extra layer of maintenance responsibility or a dependency on an additional service. 

However, you might consider creating a custom key store 
if your organization has any of the following requirements: 
Key material cannot be stored in a shared environment. Key material must be subject to a secondary, independent audit path. 
The HSMs that generate and store key material must be certified at FIPS 140-2 Level 3. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/custom-key-store-overview.html 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/multi-region-keys-overview.html