NO.93 A company has an On-premises volume backup solution that has reached its end of life. 
The company wants to use AWS as part of a new backup solution 
and wants to maintain local access to all the data while it is backed up on AWS. 
The company wants to ensure that the data backed up on AWS is automatically and securely transferred.
Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Use AWS Snowball to migrate data out of the on-premises solution to Amazon S3. 
Configure on- premises systems to mount the Snowball S3 endpoint to provide local access to the data.

B. Use AWS Snowball Edge to migrate data out of the on-premises solution to Amazon S3.
Use the Snowball Edge file interface to provide on-premises systems with local access to the data.

C. Use AWS Storage Gateway and configure a cached volume gateway. 
Run the Storage Gateway software application on premises 
and configure a percentage of data to cache locally. 
Mount the gateway storage volumes to provide local access to the data.

D. Use AWS Storage Gateway and configure a stored volume gateway. 
Run the Storage software application on premises 
and map the gateway storage volumes to on-premises storage. 
Mount the gateway storage volumes to provide local access to the data.

Answer: D
Explanation:
This option is the most efficient because it uses AWS Storage Gateway, 
which is a service that connects an on-premises software appliance with cloud-based storage 
to provide seamless integration with data security features 
between your on-premises IT environment and the AWS storage infrastructure. 

It also uses a stored volume gateway, which is a type of volume gateway that stores your primary data locally 
and asynchronously backs up point-in-time snapshots of your data to Amazon S3. 

It also runs the Storage Gateway software application on premises 
and maps the gateway storage volumes to on-premises storage, which enables you to use your existing storage hardware 
and network infrastructure. 

It also mounts the gateway storage volumes to provide local access to the data, 
which ensures that your data is available for low latency 
access on premises while also getting backed up to AWS. 

This solution meets the requirement of maintaining local access to all the data 
while it is backed up on AWS and ensuring that the data backed up on AWS is automatically and securely transferred. 

Option A is less efficient because it uses AWS Snowball, 
which is a physical device that lets you transfer large amounts of data into and out of AWS3. 
However, this does not provide a periodic backup solution, 
as it requires manual handling and shipping of the device. 
It also configures on-premises systems to mount the Snowball S3 endpoint to provide local access to the data, 
which could introduce additional complexity and latency. 

Option B is less efficient because it uses AWS Snowball Edge, 
which is a physical device that has onboard storage and compute capabilities for select AWS capabilities. 
However, this does not provide a periodic backup solution, 
as it requires manual handling and shipping of the device. 
It also uses the Snowball Edge file interface to provide on-premises systems 
with local access to the data, which could introduce additional complexity and latency. 

Option C is less efficient because it uses AWS Storage Gateway and configures a cached volume gateway, 
which is a type of volume gateway that stores your primary data in Amazon S3 
and retains a copy of frequently accessed data subsets locally. 
However, this does not provide local access to all the data, 
as only some data subsets are cached locally. 
It also configures a percentage of data to cache locally, 
which could incur higher costs and complexity than using a stored volume gateway.